Enable compression in fluentd output plugin by default (#1062)
SumoLogic/sumologic-kubernetes-collection: deploy/helm/sumologic/README.md

`sumologic.setup.job.podAnnotations` | Additional annotations for the setup Job pod. | `{}`
`sumologic.setup.serviceAccount.annotations` | Annotations for the ServiceAccount. | `[{"helm.sh/hook":"pre-install,pre-upgrade","helm.sh/hook-delete-policy":"before-hook-creation,hook-succeeded","helm.sh/hook-weight":"0"}]`
`fluentd.additionalPlugins` | Additional Fluentd plugins to install from RubyGems. Please see our [documentation](./Additional_Fluentd_Plugins.md) for more information. | `[]`

> `fluentd.compression.enabled` | Flag to control if data is send to the Sumo Logic compressed or not | `true`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`fluentd.compression.enabled` | Flag to control if data is sent to Sumo Logic compressed or not | `true`
```

> `fluentd.compression.encoding` | Specifies which encoding should be use to compress data (either `gzip` or `deflate`) | `gzip`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`fluentd.compression.encoding` | Specifies which encoding should be used to compress data (either `gzip` or `deflate`) | `gzip`
```
